Hello
Hi, how are you?
I am fine thanks. What about you?
I'm fine too, thanks a lot.
Let's talk a little about coffee. What’s your favorite coffee shop?
My favorite one is The Coffee House, a local coffee shop in my neighborhood. 
Where is it?
It’s 500 m far from my house. 
How often do you visit that coffee shop?
Every weekend when I hang out with my friends. The Coffee House is always our first choice. 
Who do you go with?
I meet my friends there. They love the place, too. 
What drinks does it serve?
Many kinds: coffee, chocolate, smoothie, tea, juice of various tastes. My favorite one is hot chocolate. Are the waiters there friendly?
Yes, they couldn’t be nicer. 
Do you like the decorations of that coffee shop?
Yes, I love it. I fancy the green space they put in each corner of the room. 
When was the last time you went there?
I last went there last Monday. 
What is special about that coffee shop?
The drinks are what make them different. People are just addicted to full-bodied coffee and chocolate there. 
How do you know about that coffee shop?
My cousin recommended it to me and I did give it a try.
What success did you achieve?
I don’t know if it matters to someone or not, but passing the entrance exam to university was a huge success for me.
When did you get that success?
I got it 6 years ago. It’s been 2 years since I left university.
Was there anyone who supported you?
My family supported me a lot. My mom prepared good meals for me while my dad helped me with hard math problems.
Was it hard to get that success?
It was hard for me since I wasn’t good at academic subjects at all.
What were some difficulties in achieving success?
The period before the exam was quite stressful. I was so obsessed with it that I had a serious headache.
How did you get it?
I stuck to books day and night. I just stopped reading and writing when I felt I knew thoroughly about the matters.
How did you feel when you were successful?
I was over the moon then. I was looking forward to campus life.
How did your life change after that success?
I had a chance to learn my favorite major at my desired university and then got a high-paying job in an active working environment.
What is your key to success?
I don’t particularly have any key to success. Just work hard and try your best, everything good will come to you.
What is your hobby?
I like playing sports, especially swimming.
Is your hobby common in your country?
Yes, kids, adults, and senior citizens all like swimming in my country.
Is your hobby the same as when you were a child?
Yes, I was fond of swimming when I was a little girl.
When did you start practicing that hobby?
I started swimming when I was 5 years old.
Is there anybody in your family who you share your hobby with?
My dad, he taught me how to swim.
How much time do you spend on your hobby?
I usually go to the swimming pool twice a week.
What benefits do you get from it?
Swimming is a really good workout. It helps me keep fit and chill out after a long day working.
Have you ever heard of someone having a very unusual hobby? What was it?
Yes, my cousin loves tattooing vehicles. He puts stickers everywhere on his car.
What do you think about someone having weird hobbies?
I don’t think any hobby is weird. It’s just what you like to do, so I don’t judge others.
What hobbies are usually expensive in your country?
Playing golf is a really expensive hobby. Only the rich can afford to buy golf supplies.
Do you have your own computer?
Yes, I owned a personal laptop when I was in university.
How often do you use the computer?
Almost every day. I can’t work without a computer.
Have you ever joined any computer class?
Yes, years ago. I learned about Microsoft Word and Excel.
What do you use the computer for?
You know, I’m an accountant, so managing business records would be much easier for me using a computer.
What are some advantages of using the computer?
With a computer connected to the Internet, we can shop, pay bills or do bank transactions online. Listening to music, watching movies are even more convenient.
Do you use other high-tech devices besides computers?
Yes, apart from a computer, I also use a smartphone.
Should children learn how to use the computer?
Yes, I think so. Children should be given chances to approach the computer but under the control of their parents.
What is your desired job?
Well, my dream changes in accordance with age. Up to now, I would like to be a great English teacher. Is that a demanding job?
Yes, I think so although people suppose that being a teacher is easy and boring. What challenge do you have when doing that job?
I have some problems with classroom management. Maybe I have to improve that skill a lot in order to be a good teacher. Is it hard to make your dream come true?
Every job needs time and effort, and teacher does as well. Apart from the academic knowledge I was taught in university, I have to learn many other soft skills. Why do you choose that job?
I really admired my high school English teacher, and I want to be like her. What requirements and characteristics do you need to do that job?
Let’s see. You need to be patient, thoughtful and sympathetic. Does the job have something to do with your major at university?
Sure. I studied English Linguistics and Literature, majored in English teaching. The major does support me a lot in my career path. What does the society think about your job?
I’m not quite sure, but I’m proud to be a teacher, an honor job. Do you make much money with that job?
Not at all. Teacher’s one of the lowest paying jobs in my country. Have you ever thought of leaving your job?
I haven’t thought of that before, but I believe in what I’m doing right now.
Do you like learning languages?
Yes, I do. I love traveling and talking to the local people in their mother tongue.
What is your mother language?
I speak English.
What second language are you learning?
I’m learning Spanish. I fell in love with Spanish when I traveled to Spain last year.
Is that language popular in your country?
Yes. People in my country come from every corner of the world and Spanish is the second popular language spoken here according to the statistic.
How often do you use that language?
Quite a lot. I see Spanish people every day in the restaurant, bank or supermarket.
How long have you been learning that language?
I’ve been learning it for 5 years. I’m in advanced class now.
Why do you choose to learn that language?
I’m interested in Spanish culture, and I’d like to use language as a tool to discover Spanish cultural values.
Who is your teacher?
An old Spanish teacher. She can also speak English fluently.
Why do people learn a second language?
There are many purposes. Some learn to do business, some learn to travel, some just learn for fun.
Thanks for sharing these with me!